README.md, before:

# MMM-CalendarExt2

[![GitHub Super-Linter](https://github.com/MMM-CalendarExt2/MMM-CalendarExt2/workflows/Super-Linter/badge.svg)](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/super-linter)

MMM-CalendarExt2 is a module for [MagicMirror²](https://github.com/MichMich/MagicMirror) to display extended calendars and event views.

It is based on [MMM-CalendarExt](https://github.com/eouia/MMM-CalendarExt), which is no longer being developed.

## Screenshot

![screenshot](screenshot.png)

## Install & Configuration

```sh
cd ~/MagicMirror/modules
git clone --depth=1 https://github.com/MMM-CalendarExt2/MMM-CalendarExt2
cd MMM-CalendarExt2
npm install
```

Afterwards read how to configure everything in [the configuration documentation](docs/Configuration.md).
If you like adjust [to your language](docs/Localization.md) or [adapt the styling](docs/Styling.md).

Finally, if you like a shortcut browse through [the examples of other peoples config](docs/examples).

Note: If you want to start developing and miss the entire history run `git fetch --unshallow`.

## Documentation Quick Links

- [Scene Configuration](docs/Configuration/Scene.md)
- [Calendar Configuration](docs/Configuration/Calendar.md)
- [View Options](docs/Configuration/View.md) : Read subsection of this also. Very important.
- [defaultSet Options](docs/Configuration/defaultSet.md)
- [Other Config Options](docs/Configuration/Others.md)

## Major feature

- Multiple views at same time in a scene
- Scenes could be rotated by time or notification or other trigger (e.g: Scene per `PAGE`)
- `MMM-CalendarExtTimeline`, `MMM-TelegramBot` supported.
- Over 5000 icons; (iconify)
- custom class for beautifying
- month/week timeline view.

## What's different with `MMM-CalendarExt`

But if you have no dissatisfaction with `MMM-CalendarExt`, leave it.

- New parser. New look.
- `profile` is deprecated. `scene` is more than that.
- Beautiful timeline view (month/week)
- dynamic scene changeable.

## Plugins

- [MMM-CalendarExtTimeline](https://github.com/eouia/MMM-CalendarExtTimeline)
- [MMM-CalendarExtMinimonth](https://github.com/eouia/MMM-CalendarExtMinimonth)
- [MMM-CalendarExtPlan](https://github.com/eouia/MMM-CalendarExtPlan)

## Changelog

### [1.4.0] 2023-10-10

- MODIFIED: Replace external package `node-fetch` by internal `fetch` - With this change, node version 18 or newer is required.

### [1.3.0] 2022-03-07

- MODIFIED: Reduction of linter issues #158

### [1.2.0] 2022-02-24

- ADDED: Basic auth support. #138
- MODIFIED: Introduction of Super-Linter and with it a large number of code adjustments (which should have no functional impact). #147

### [1.1.0] 2022-02-11

- ADDED: Vertical Autosizing, Hidden Footer and Space right of items in week/month view #128
- MODIFIED: Replace deprecated package `request` by `node-fetch` #135
- FIXED: `git clone` problem with Windows #137

### [1.0.9] 2020-02-14

- ADDED: `positionOrder` of `view`. now you can change the order of that view in region(position) against other modules.

### [1.0.8] 2020-02-13

- ADDED: `isRecurring` property to `event` object. now you can check this event is recurred or not. You can use this in `filter/sort/transform` callbacks. and CSS class `recurred` will be added to that event.

### [1.0.7] 2020-01-31

- MODIFIED: Default value of `maxItems` to `1000` from `100` to avoid frequently asking issue of `events of nowadays are not shown`
- MODIFIED: Automatically fixing of unofficial URI from `webcal://` URL to `http://`.

### [1.0.6]

- ADDED: `title` of view can have callback function as a value. Now you can make view title contextually

```js
title: "My Weekly",

or

title: (mObj) => { // moment object for first slot of view.
  return mObj.format("[My Weekly:] Wo")
},
// This will show "My Weekly: 49TH" as module title.
```

### [1.0.5]

- ADDED: can display name of Month (e.g: August) in `month` view (`monthFormat:"MMMM"`)

### [1.0.4]

- ADDED: event property `ms_busystatus` is added. (Thanks to @klaernie for the PR)

### [1.0.3]

- FIXED: calendar filter is implemented (Sorry, I've totally forgotten it).

### [1.0.2]

- FIXED: not visible in second or followed pages of MMM-pages.

### [1.0.1]

- `view:transform()` is added, now you can modify event value as your wish.

## MEMO

### Bug with MMM-Carousel

- When you are using it with `MMM-Carousel`, `MMM-CalendarExt2` should be in main page or all pages.

Commit message:

Maintenance update (#331)
- Update dependencies
- Update ESLint env
- Replace eslint-plugin-json by eslint-plugin-jsonc
- Update URLs to MagicMirror project

README.md, after:

# MMM-CalendarExt2

[![GitHub Super-Linter](https://github.com/MMM-CalendarExt2/MMM-CalendarExt2/workflows/Super-Linter/badge.svg)](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/super-linter)

MMM-CalendarExt2 is a module for [MagicMirror²](https://github.com/MagicMirrorOrg/MagicMirror) to display extended calendars and event views.

It is based on [MMM-CalendarExt](https://github.com/eouia/MMM-CalendarExt), which is no longer being developed.

## Screenshot

![screenshot](screenshot.png)

## Install & Configuration

```sh
cd ~/MagicMirror/modules
git clone --depth=1 https://github.com/MMM-CalendarExt2/MMM-CalendarExt2
cd MMM-CalendarExt2
npm install
```

Afterwards read how to configure everything in [the configuration documentation](docs/Configuration.md).
If you like adjust [to your language](docs/Localization.md) or [adapt the styling](docs/Styling.md).

Finally, if you like a shortcut browse through [the examples of other peoples config](docs/examples).

Note: If you want to start developing and miss the entire history run `git fetch --unshallow`.

## Documentation Quick Links

- [Scene Configuration](docs/Configuration/Scene.md)
- [Calendar Configuration](docs/Configuration/Calendar.md)
- [View Options](docs/Configuration/View.md) : Read subsection of this also. Very important.
- [defaultSet Options](docs/Configuration/defaultSet.md)
- [Other Config Options](docs/Configuration/Others.md)

## Major feature

- Multiple views at same time in a scene
- Scenes could be rotated by time or notification or other trigger (e.g: Scene per `PAGE`)
- `MMM-CalendarExtTimeline`, `MMM-TelegramBot` supported.
- Over 5000 icons; (iconify)
- custom class for beautifying
- month/week timeline view.

## What's different with `MMM-CalendarExt`

But if you have no dissatisfaction with `MMM-CalendarExt`, leave it.

- New parser. New look.
- `profile` is deprecated. `scene` is more than that.
- Beautiful timeline view (month/week)
- dynamic scene changeable.

## Plugins

- [MMM-CalendarExtTimeline](https://github.com/eouia/MMM-CalendarExtTimeline)
- [MMM-CalendarExtMinimonth](https://github.com/eouia/MMM-CalendarExtMinimonth)
- [MMM-CalendarExtPlan](https://github.com/eouia/MMM-CalendarExtPlan)

## Changelog

### [1.4.1] 2024-01-01 - Maintenance update

- Update dependencies
- Update ESLint env
- Replace eslint-plugin-json by eslint-plugin-jsonc
- Update URLs to MagicMirror project

### [1.4.0] 2023-10-10

- MODIFIED: Replace external package `node-fetch` by internal `fetch` - With this change, node version 18 or newer is required.

### [1.3.0] 2022-03-07

- MODIFIED: Reduction of linter issues #158

### [1.2.0] 2022-02-24

- ADDED: Basic auth support. #138
- MODIFIED: Introduction of Super-Linter and with it a large number of code adjustments (which should have no functional impact). #147

### [1.1.0] 2022-02-11

- ADDED: Vertical Autosizing, Hidden Footer and Space right of items in week/month view #128
- MODIFIED: Replace deprecated package `request` by `node-fetch` #135
- FIXED: `git clone` problem with Windows #137

### [1.0.9] 2020-02-14

- ADDED: `positionOrder` of `view`. now you can change the order of that view in region(position) against other modules.

### [1.0.8] 2020-02-13

- ADDED: `isRecurring` property to `event` object. now you can check this event is recurred or not. You can use this in `filter/sort/transform` callbacks. and CSS class `recurred` will be added to that event.

### [1.0.7] 2020-01-31

- MODIFIED: Default value of `maxItems` to `1000` from `100` to avoid frequently asking issue of `events of nowadays are not shown`
- MODIFIED: Automatically fixing of unofficial URI from `webcal://` URL to `http://`.

### [1.0.6]

- ADDED: `title` of view can have callback function as a value. Now you can make view title contextually

```js
title: "My Weekly",

or

title: (mObj) => { // moment object for first slot of view.
  return mObj.format("[My Weekly:] Wo")
},
// This will show "My Weekly: 49TH" as module title.
```

### [1.0.5]

- ADDED: can display name of Month (e.g: August) in `month` view (`monthFormat:"MMMM"`)

### [1.0.4]

- ADDED: event property `ms_busystatus` is added. (Thanks to @klaernie for the PR)

### [1.0.3]

- FIXED: calendar filter is implemented (Sorry, I've totally forgotten it).

### [1.0.2]

- FIXED: not visible in second or followed pages of MMM-pages.

### [1.0.1]

- `view:transform()` is added, now you can modify event value as your wish.

## MEMO

### Bug with MMM-Carousel

- When you are using it with `MMM-Carousel`, `MMM-CalendarExt2` should be in main page or all pages.
